### The length of a container
> [!PDF|yellow] [[16.1 — Introduction to containers and arrays – Learn C++.pdf#page=3&selection=12,15,19,2&color=yellow|Key Point]]
> >  the number of elements in a container is often called it’s length (or sometimes count).

> [!PDF|] [[16.1 — Introduction to containers and arrays – Learn C++.pdf#page=3&selection=57,12,59,59|Key Point]]
> >  the term “length” when referring to the number of elements in a container, and use the term “size” to refer to amount of storage required by an object.

### Element types
> [!PDF|] [[16.1 — Introduction to containers and arrays – Learn C++.pdf#page=4&selection=12,46,17,45|Key Point]]
> >  containers are homogenous, meaning the elements of a container are required to have the same type.

> [!PDF|red] [[16.1 — Introduction to containers and arrays – Learn C++.pdf#page=4&selection=42,0,52,8|Key Point]]
> > The opposite of a homogenous container is a heterogenous container, which allows elements to be dierent types. Heterogeneous containers are typically supported by scripting languages (such as Python).

### Containers in C++
> [!PDF|green] [[16.1 — Introduction to containers and arrays – Learn C++.pdf#page=4&selection=91,0,101,17&color=green|16.1 — Introduction to containers and arrays – Learn C++, p.4]]
> > The following types are containers under the general programming denition, but are not considered to be containers by the C++ standard: 
> > C-style arrays 
> > - `std::string` 
> > - `std::vector<bool>`


### Introduction to arrays
> [!PDF|] [[16.1 — Introduction to containers and arrays – Learn C++.pdf#page=5&selection=37,0,45,16|16.1 — Introduction to containers and arrays – Learn C++, p.5]]
> > C++ contains three primary array types: (C-style) `arrays`, the `std::vector` container class, and the `std::array` container class.

> [!PDF|] [[16.1 — Introduction to containers and arrays – Learn C++.pdf#page=5&selection=81,52,96,33|16.1 — Introduction to containers and arrays – Learn C++, p.5]]
> > the `std::vector` container class was introduced in C++03. `std::vector` is the most exible of the three array types, and has a bunch of useful capabilities that the other array types don’t.
> 
> 

> [!PDF|] [[16.1 — Introduction to containers and arrays – Learn C++.pdf#page=5&selection=98,9,102,83|16.1 — Introduction to containers and arrays – Learn C++, p.5]]
> > the `std::array` container class was introduced in C++11 as a direct replacement for C-style arrays.

